Name: Stephen Nixon
Date: 9/23/2019
Project: 3 - Text Adventure
Peer's repository: https://github.com/maddiemcm/03-Text-adventure 



What is something you learned by reviewing your peer's project?

    I learned that presenting a false choice leads the player (me) to pay more attention to the narrative information.
    When I went north after the introduction with the captain, it lead me to think about where else I could go when north wasn't an option.
 

What is something you saw in your peer's project that you would like to apply to your own programming projects?

    The instructions that included available actions were very helpful. I would like to apply those methods of teaching the player what they could do.

What suggestions would you have for your peer to improve his/her code?

    "\r\n" is the String for a line break. It would help format the introduction, but otherwise it wasn't needed very much.

What could have been clearer or better commented?

    It was unclear to me that saving the elf had any consequence, as I then went off to explore the cottage.
    But I can see in the code that was simply just because of the path I chose.

Was there anything in the code that was confusing to you? If so, what?

    Nope! very readable.

Does the repository contain an appropriate LICENSE?

    Yes.

What is something he/she could add to the README.md to make it more descriptive?

    Nothing, it was more than enough information for the player to get started.

Pay a compliment to your peer based on the quality of his/her code.

    Excellent narrative design! 
    The use of imagery was compelling, especially with the captain abruptly waking you up.
    Also, it had a light comedic touch similar to Hitchhiker's guide.

    The game also had plenty of space to explore, so much that I had to look back to remember where I had gone and where I wanted to go.
    The elf was a nice touch, reinforced the gaming instinct to do altruistic things for an assumed reward (climbing the tower). 


    I honestly enjoyed playing this adventure more than the Hitchhiker's guide (that game has an annoying amount of lose conditions)
